chore(github/workflows): rename workflow names for better clarity docs: add Contributing.md and Security.md for better project guidelines feat(README.md): enhance project description, add badges, video link, and images for better understanding feat: add nodeguard.png for visual representation in README.md (#224)
Elenpay/NodeGuard: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

We appreciate your input! We aim to make contributing to this project as straightforward and transparent as possible, whether it's:

- Reporting a bug
- Discussing the current state of the code
- Submitting a fix
- Proposing new features
- Becoming a maintainer

## We Develop with Github
We use Github to host code, to track issues and feature requests, as well as accept pull requests.

## We Use Github Flow, so all code changes happen through pull requests
Pull requests are the best way to propose changes to the codebase. We actively welcome your pull requests:

> 1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `master`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `main`.
```

2. If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.
3. If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
4. Ensure the test suite passes.
5. Issue that pull request!

## Any contributions you make will be under the AGPL Software License
In short, when you submit code changes, your submissions are understood to be under the same [AGPL License](http://choosealicense.com/licenses/agpl-3.0/) that covers the project. Feel free to contact the maintainers if that's a concern.

> ## Report bugs using Github's [issues](https://github.com/your_username/your_repository/issues)
> We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by [opening a new issue](https://github.com/your_username/your_repository/issues); it's that easy!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Report bugs using Github's [issues](https://github.com/elenpay/nodeguard/issues)
We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by [opening a new issue](https://github.com/elenpay/nodeguard/issues); it's that easy!
```
